Add support for AKS private link (#5161)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/kubernetes_cluster.html.markdown

* `windows_profile` - (Optional) A `windows_profile` block as defined below.

> * `private_link_enabled` (Optional) Enables private link for the AKS cluster, providing a private IP for the k8s api. Defaults to false.

Reviewer: to match other resources could we make this:

```suggestion
* `private_link_enabled` (Optional) Should this Kubernetes Cluster have Private Link Enabled? This provides a Private IP Address for the Kubernetes API on the Virtual Network where the Kubernetes Cluster is located. Defaults to `false`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
```

Author: Resolved in new commit

> -> **NOTE:**  At this time Private Link is in Public Preview. For an example of how to enable a Preview feature, please visit  [Private Azure Kubernetes Service cluster] (https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/aks/private-clusters)

Reviewer: minor formatting so this renders correctly here:

```suggestion
-> **NOTE:**  At this time Private Link is in Public Preview. For an example of how to enable a Preview feature, please visit [Private Azure Kubernetes Service cluster](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/azure/aks/private-clusters)
```

Author: Resolved in new commit

* `fqdn` - The FQDN of the Azure Kubernetes Managed Cluster.

> * `private_fqdn` - The FQDN when private link has been enabled with `private_link_enabled`, this name is only resolvable inside the AKS vnet. 

Reviewer: (same here) could we spell this out so it's a little clearer:

```suggestion
* `private_fqdn` - The FQDN for the Kubernetes Cluster when private link has been enabled, which is is only resolvable inside the Virtual Network used by the Kubernetes Cluster.
```

Author: Resolved in new commit
